Pardon me?
The general manager took Sister Lin to the company
He's in the face, I'm the new driver, don't turn positive
I didn't expect it.
Ye Qianli actually ignored his mother and daughter relatives for 20 years
Turn your head and treat Sister Lin so well
Did I accompany him for 20 years?
Can't compare to his own daughter
Xueqin, who provoked you?
Such a big fire early in the morning
Mom made you soup
Here, try it.
Hmm, it's delicious.
Ah yes mom
I didn't do much during the time I was hospitalized
Oh you
rest assured
Our Roselle Group has a market value of 100 billion
Of course it works fine.
Mr. Ye
Sorry someone
Submitted a document to the Imperial City Design Association
It confirms the gold medal design of the eldest lady
There is suspicion of plagiarism
What's going on?
The subordinates don't know either.
However, the Didu Design Association has been comprehensive
Prohibition of Gold Award Design Approach
commercial application
Now manufacturers have joined forces to test the pressure